okay then
i would like to ask you
imagine you are the king
how
would you
imagine being a king
if i were a king
i
would arrange things so that people
wouldn't bother me so much i would have
no paperwork that would be my way of
being a king in fact i would try to
legislate so that everybody has very
little paperwork minimal paperwork
actually that's one of the nice things
about a kingdom as opposed to a modern
uh law based state is that
the more contractual relationships you
have actually the more paperwork you
need and um
it occurred to me once you know how
running an absolute monarchy like like
louis xiv
you know the average person who lived
under louis xiv may be filled out one
form a year maximum you know we probably
fill out like eight forms a day most of
us nowadays it's ridiculous um so so if
i were king i would eliminate
unnecessary paperwork in fact i'd
eliminate all paperwork